Add the "Multiuser scenario" example (#57)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: detached-examples/multiuser-scenario/README.md

# Multiuser Scenario

> This example shows you how to start two TestCafe Runners and synchorize them to achieve testing with two different users in different browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can not sign multiple users into the same website with a single instance of TestCafe. The solution to this limitation is to run multiple instances of TestCafe. This example shows you how to run multi-user tests with two or more synchronized TestCafe Runners.
```
